Company Slice, http://www.companyslice.com/, offers all information, products and services available from this website to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all of the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
The term ‘Company Slice’, ‘us’, ‘our’, or ‘we’ refers to the the website http://www.companyslice.com. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

Use this Website at Your Own Risk

This website is provided to you “as is,” without warranty of any kind either express or implied. Neither Company Slice nor its employees, brokers, third-party information providers, clients or the like warrant that the website or its operation will be accurate, reliable, uninterrupted or error-free. No agent or representative has the authority to create any warranty regarding the website on behalf of Company Slice. We reserves the right to change or discontinue at any time any aspect or feature of the Web site.
This website is not intended to provide investment advice or recommendations. Seek your own counsel for all legal, tax, and investment advice.
Investing through our website has risks. You could lose a portion, or all of your investment. It is up to you alone to determine the risks of a given investment.

U.S. Persons Only

Only U.S. persons with a U.S. bank account are permitted to trade on our platform.

Exclusion of Liability  The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Indemnification  Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any investments and risk levels meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).

Digital Submission of Forms

All forms required for legal, or tax purposes shall be emailed to the address provided by the user. This includes the 1099-DIV forms for any dividends issued, as well as any other forms required. No physical copy of forms shall be created, or mailed to a physical address.

Copyright

Except for material in the public domain under United States copyright law, all material contained on the Web site (including all software, HTML, Javascript and other code) is protected by United States and foreign copyright laws. Except as otherwise expressly provided in these terms and conditions, you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, rewrite, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material contained on the Web site without the prior consent of the copyright owner.
None of the material contained on Company Slice may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo reproduction, recordation or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of Company Slice. Violation of this provision may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.

Revisions

We may change the terms and conditions from time to time. It is up to you to periodically review the terms of service for any changes.
